This folder contains the codes that display the respective pages in the 'Grammar' section of the site. 
All files present in this folder contain the same codes for the site layout, with varying differences for some of the pages. 
The code starts with the main layout of the page, containing the same layout as the rest of the site, with a navigation bar, 
and links to other parts of the site. Some of the items on the navigation bar are includes further options when hovered over, 
in the style of a dropdown menu. 
In the main page portion, contains the header, based on the name of the file. It would display a table. 
The content of the table would then be retrieved from the database with the name of the file and then printed on the page. 
Based on the file, it would contain varying amounts of columns in the table. For the files 'adjectives.ejs', 'adverbs.ejs', 
'nouns.ejs', 'prepositions.ejs', 'pronouns.ejs', and 'verbs.ejs' can display up to 9 columns with the following headers: 
'English', 'Arabic Darija', 'Form 1', 'Form 2', 'Form 3', 'Form 4', 'Form 5', and 'Form 6'. 
For the files 'conjug_present.ejs', and 'conjug_past.ejs', the table will display 9 columns with the following headers: 
'root', 'ana (I)', 'nta (you - male)', 'nti (you - female)', 'howa (he)', 'hia (she)', '7na (we)', 'ntoma (you - plural)', 
and 'homa (they)'. The file 'definite_indefinite.ejs' will only have 2 columns in the table with the headers 
'Indefinte Article Examples' and 'Definite Article Examples'.  'imperatives.ejs' will have 4 columns with the headers 
'root', 'nta (you - male)', 'nti (you - female)' and 'ntoma (you - plural)', 'masculin_feminine_plural.ejs' also 4 with the 
headers 'Masculine Singular', 'Masculine Plural',	'Feminine Singular', and 'Feminine Plural'. 'verb-to-noun.ejs' will 
have two columns in the table with the headers 'Verb in Base Form', and 'Noun form of the verb'.
At the end the codes for the footer includes some details about the project and is also the same throughout the site.